Plaintext
You are an expert web developer building a high-end, mobile-first boutique hotel website for "Aloha Crater Lodge". Your task is to generate and link the exact production-ready files (index.html, style.css, script.js) for Version 1.0 of the site. Use clean, performant vanilla web technologies—no external frameworks like React or Vue.

CRITICAL BUSINESS RULES (DO NOT VIOLATE):
1. STRICT BLACKOUT: You must NEVER mention, reference, or include code for "lava tubes," "caves," or "underground access." This is a strict safety constraint.
2. STAFF ANONYMITY: Never use real staff or owner names. Always refer to them as "the team," "the owners," "our hosts," or "management."
3. BOOKING ASSETS: 
   - Property ID: 01bc9bc4-4e77-4d23-9e54-1bdea4b754f9
   - Booking URL: https://direct-book.com/properties/alohacraterlodge

REQUIREMENT 1: THE WEBSITE LAYOUT
Design a premium, conversion-focused layout with a color palette inspired by an old-growth fern forest and volcanic landscape (deep greens, stone grays, crisp whites).
- Header: Logo area and simple navigation.
- Hero Section: Immersive background area with a strong headline and a primary "Check Availability" button.
- The Sanctuary (Rooms): Create a CSS Grid showcasing Room 1, Room 2, Room 3 (Lumi Anela - high-efficiency workspace), Room 4 (Hōʻomālie - custom stone shower and forest edge seclusion), and Room 6. 
- For each room, create a card that includes a description area and a highly visible placeholder block labeled "[360° Virtual Tour Embed Area]".
- Link all "Check Availability" or "Book Now" buttons to the Booking URL provided above as a placeholder until we inject the final widget code.

REQUIREMENT 2: THE "FERN" CONCIERGE CHATBOT
Build a custom, floating chat widget in the bottom right corner controlled by script.js. The AI persona is "Fern", the Lodge Guide. She is trusting, kind, and an expert on the local area.

Chat UI Requirements:
- A clean, modern chat window that opens when clicking a floating button.
- A permanent header toggle switch labeled "Expert Insights" (defaults to ON). When OFF, the chatbot strips out phonetic guides and cultural trivia from its responses.

Chat Logic & Data Object (Inject this into the JS):
```json
{
  "bot_name": "Fern",
  "faqs": {
    "late_arrival": "No worries! We offer a seamless self-check-in process. Management will send your specific access codes on the day of your arrival.",
    "check_in": "Check-in is between 3:00 PM and 5:00 PM. Check-out is at 11:00 AM.",
    "breakfast": "A continental selection is provided by the team for you to enjoy at your leisure.",
    "wifi": "We have free high-speed Wi-Fi throughout the lodge so you can stay connected.",
    "park_distance": "We are just about a 3-minute drive from the entrance of Hawaii Volcanoes National Park.",
    "weather": "Volcano is cooler than the coast! I recommend a light jacket for the evening lānais.",
    "room3": "Room 3 is the Lumi Anela [loo-mee ah-neh-lah]. In Hawaiian, it means 'Angel Room'. It features a high-efficiency workspace and incredible natural light.",
    "room4": "Room 4 is the Hōʻomālie [hoh-oh-mah-lee-eh] suite, meaning 'to cause peace'. It is secluded on the forest edge and has a beautiful custom stone shower."
  },
  "fallback": "That’s a great question! I want to make sure I give you the most accurate information. Let me check with the team, and we’ll make sure you have everything you need for a perfect stay."
}
Chat Interaction Flow (Code this logic):

Initial Greeting: When opened, Fern must say: "Hi, I'm Fern, your Lodge Guide. Aloha! I'm here to help you find your way—whether you're picking the perfect suite or looking for the best hidden views at the crater. How can I help you today?"

Keyword Routing: Map basic user inputs (e.g., "late", "wifi", "room 4") to the corresponding FAQ answers in the JSON object.

Insight Counter: Track how many times Fern uses an answer containing a phonetic guide (e.g., [hoh-oh-mah-lee-eh]).

The Check-in Trigger: Exactly after the 3rd insight is delivered, Fern must append this exact message 1 second later: "I hope these local insights are helping you get a feel for the Lodge! I’ll keep sharing them, but if you’re in a hurry and want to stick strictly to the facts, you can always flip the 'Expert Insights' switch at the top of this window to 'Off' at any time. Should I keep the local tips coming for now?"

Toggle Logic: If the user flips the "Expert Insights" toggle to OFF, use regex or string manipulation to strip out any bracketed phonetics (e.g., [loo-mee ah-neh-lah]) and translations (e.g., "In Hawaiian, it means...") from the responses before rendering them.

Please generate and link the HTML, CSS, and JS files to execute this exact setup.